chore(docs): update cross stack ref docs for multi-stack deployment story (#1665)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/concepts/stacks.mdx

By default a stack is dependant on another stack when the data used origins in that stack.
If you e.g. write `this.allResources = Fn.merge(resourceFromStackA.items, resourceFromStackB.items)` in Stack C and use `stackC.allResources` in Stack D, Stack D will be dependant on Stack A and B, but not C since that is not the origin of the data.

To make the dependency explicit, run`stackD.addDependency(stackC)`.

If you want to keep the result of the function attached to one stack and save its state, create a [Terraform Local value](/cdktf/concepts/variables-and-outputs#local-values) and expose it. The following example creates a `TerraformLocal`.

````ts

> this.allResources = TerraformLocal(this, "merged_items", Fn.merge(resourceFromStackA.items, resourceFromStackB.items)

Reviewer: closing ``` missing?

> In case you don't want the "middleman" to be cut out you can run `stackD.addDependency(stackC)` to make the dependency explicit.
> If you want to keep the result of the function attached to one stack (and saved its state) you can use a `TerraformLocal` and expose it instead: `this.allResources = TerraformLocal(this, "merged_items", Fn.merge(resourceFromStackA.items, resourceFromStackB.items)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make the dependency explicit, run`stackD.addDependency(stackC)`.

If you want to keep the result of the function attached to one stack and save its state, create a [Terraform Local value](/cdktf/concepts/variables-and-outputs#local-values) and expose it. The following example creates a `TerraformLocal`.

```ts
this.allResources = TerraformLocal(this, "merged_items", Fn.merge(resourceFromStackA.items, resourceFromStackB.items)
```
```

> The CLI will error if you try to deploy something without deploying the dependencies first and if you try to destroy something without destroying the dependant stacks first. If you don't want these safe-guards you can add the `--ignore-missing-stack-dependencies` to deploy / destroy command.

Reviewer 2: Wording edits. Also - I"m confused by this. Doesn't terraform automatically make sure that dependencies are taken into account? Does that not apply here because these are CDKTF concepts that terraform doesn't know about?

```suggestion
The CLI will error if you deploy your application without first deploying the dependencies. It will also error if you try to destroy infrastructure without destroying the dependent stacks first. To remove these safeguards,  add the `--ignore-missing-stack-dependencies` to the `deploy` and `destroy` commands.
```

Reviewer: > Does that not apply here because these are CDKTF concepts that terraform doesn't know about?

Yes, this is the equivalent of having two Terraform projects and deploying them one after another (which the Terraform CLI itself can't do as far as I know).

Reviewer 2: ooo makes sense! Thank you :-)

> The CLI will warn you if you try to deploy something without deploying the dependencies first and if you try to destroy something without destroying the dependant stacks first. If you don't want these safe-guards you can add the `--ignore-missing-stack-dependencies` to deploy / destroy command.

Reviewer: > warn you

It seems like the CLI [will actually fail](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cdk/blob/803dafa7d0c90544b8a95dedef8efb7021492b21/packages/cdktf-cli/lib/cdktf-project.ts#L248-L251). Maybe we should make that clearer?

    },
  },
});

> ````

Reviewer: why four ` for closing the block that was started with three?

Reviewer: Markdown seems to be broken https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cdk/blob/d123dccb9c91b0c179c1684428e92a4bcc3efddc/website/docs/cdktf/concepts/stacks.mdx
